Ryan pictures presents Burt Reynolds in
Sharky's machine
you don't got now left call the piece I
am the police
shocking vice they were just street cops
until they teamed up with shark and
became Sharky's machine seven ladies
one's got a hooks in the Hodgkin and
that's the one that the father won't let
us touch them I said tie anything house
in boxing right is that right is that
what they get I want to watch it bet on
the clock Oh Domino with Annie Dahmer
so waste you busting hookers the last
casualty they had advice was a suicide
to help well we're here to arrest was it
might be often form sexual acts well the
man with the smiling eyes Sharky rice no
like great even if there is one guy
squeeze in his house he's too high to
reach great reputation slave trade by a
kidnap and they bring him down drugs
rape whatever the hell it takes them to
stop
is there tippin's brother Albert's
forever you're an outcast about to lose
that badge of yours strange guys yeah
that's what everybody says
you know you got a big communication
problem here Sharky
he wants you dead then I am dead where
is Domino she should have just brought
the girl in
nobody leans on Chucky's machine
you